Week-1 L-2 Assignment

1. You are tasked with building a shopping cart for an eCommerce store with the following functionalities:
	1.Add to Cart
	2.Remove from Cart
	3.Total Price
	4.Calculate Average Price
	5.Filter Products
	6.Sort Cart
	7.Clear Cart


-->	START

	OPEN browser
	download required images to display in the web page and save them in a folder called assests 
	CLOSE browser

	OPEN code editor
	create neccessary files  to write the code which are used to display the content on the webpage 
		1. assests folder which will have the downloded images
		2. index.html to structure the website
		3. index.css to style the website
		4. index.js to provide functionality to the website
	write the code to structure the website in the required file in required format(eg: index.html)
	write the code to style the website in the required file in required format(eg: index.css)
	create some data (eg: json data) in  required file (eg: index.js) which is having key and value pairs in 	the following format
		1. id which will take a unique positive number,
		2. name will have the value of a unique name for each pair,
		3. image will have a url(eg: give path of the image which is stored in the folder along with the 	remaing code file),
		4. price will have number and currency symbol,
 		5. quantity will have a number greater than 1
	write the functionality used to interact with the website in the required file( eg: index.js)
	WHILE LOOP(web page creation is not comleted with structure AND styling AND functionality)
		IF(structuring the website is incomplete) 
			complete the structuring process by updating the code in the required file in required 				format(eg: index.html)
		IF(styling the website is incomplete) 
			complete the styling process by updating the code in the required file in required 	format(eg: 			index.html)
		IF(functionality of the website is not complete)
			check every line of code and update the required functionality in required file in required 			format(eg: index.js) 
		END IF
		SAVE the files for each check
	END WHILE LOOP
	CREATE a repository in git hub 
	push the code to git hub
	CLOSE code editor(eg: vs code)

	END
	
		
	
	

